Rename cluster-users test (#4741)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/integration/cluster-users/README.md

# Cluster-users-test

## Content
- Contains the `Dockerfile` for the image used in Kyma cluster-users tests.
- Contains the `sar-test.sh` script that runs tests for a chart.

## Details

> The test login into `Dex` using the static users emails and create calls to `iam-kubeconfig-service` to generate a *kubeconfig* for each of them. Afterwards `kubectl` tool is used to perform SAR (SubjectAccessReview) calls to the api-server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test logs in to Dex using the static user's emails and creates calls to the IAM Kubeconfig Service to generate a `kubeconfig` file for each call. Afterwards, `kubectl` tool is used to perform SAR (SubjectAccessReview) calls to the api-server.
```

> **Test Scenario**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Test Scenario
```

> The tests ask the api-server if a specific user can perform specific operations on a specific object, an asserts the resuls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tests ask the api-server if a specific user can perform specific operations on a specific object, and asserts the results:
```
